Fixup and improve book using_modules.md (#1608)
nushell/nushell.github.io: book/modules/using_modules.md

  Note that the module name (its directory) can end in a `/` (or `\` on Windows), but as with most commands that take a paths (e.g., `cd`), this is completely optional.
  :::

  ::: important Important! Importing modules from `$env.NU_LIB_DIRS`
  When importing a module via a relative path, Nushell first searches from the current directory. If a matching module is not found at that location, Nushell then searches each directory in the `$env.NU_LIB_DIRS` list.

  This allows you to install modules to a location that is easily accessible via a relative path regardless of the current directory.
  :::

> - An absolute path to a Nushell module file:

Author: Before the fixup, the first two was split and the second was combined. I think that asymmetry should be solved, one way or another.

I agree with order should be relative before absolute

I prefer self-sufficient explanations, without pointing to earlier sections. I would prefer duplication over pointing elsewhere, especially if it's not a anchor jump link

Given the noteworthy concerns, maybe it makes more sense to combine the two absolute and the two relative blocks? 🤔

> - An absolute path to a Nushell module file:

Reviewer: > Before the fixup, the first two was split and the second was combined
> Given the noteworthy concerns, maybe it makes more sense to combine the two absolute and the two relative blocks?

Ah - I think I had a good reason for it, but I also agree with you on the symmetry.  I'll take another look at it, but it might be a few hours.

> - An absolute path to a Nushell module file:

Author: I'm fine with leaving it as it was. Personally, I like reference documentation. But this is a "book". So I'm reminding myself that the form is more of a read-in-order thing where reading order and block-cross-references can be expected. Unfortunately, there's no reference then though. :)

  :::

> - Less commonly, the name of a module is created with the [`module`](/commands/docs/module.md) command. While it is possible to use this command to create a module at the commandline, this isn't common or useful. Instead, this form is primarily used by module authors to define a submodule. See [Creating Modules - Submodules](./creating_modules.md#submodules).

Author: ah, you mean to say the list intro "The path to the module can be:" is continued in this sentence?

That's 74 code lines, or four list items each with code block and two warning notice blocks above here. I don't think that can still be considered "sentence flow". A list that is not a list of one-liners should have self-sufficient bullet points / bullet point sections.

I certainly see why I didn't realize what the sentence was referring to / that there's a pre-text to it.

> - Less commonly, the name of a module is created with the [`module`](/commands/docs/module.md) command. While it is possible to use this command to create a module at the commandline, this isn't common or useful. Instead, this form is primarily used by module authors to define a submodule. See [Creating Modules - Submodules](./creating_modules.md#submodules).

Author: I see how the other points use that sentence flow so it wouldn't make sense to do that differently here. But I don't think how it was was clear with how distant the whole thing is.

> - Less commonly, the name of a module is created with the [`module`](/commands/docs/module.md) command. While it is possible to use this command to create a module at the commandline, this isn't common or useful. Instead, this form is primarily used by module authors to define a submodule. See [Creating Modules - Submodules](./creating_modules.md#submodules).

Author: I think your suggestion clarifies it quite well

> - Less commonly, the name of a module is created with the [`module`](/commands/docs/module.md) command. While it is possible to use this command to create a module at the commandline, this isn't common or useful. Instead, this form is primarily used by module authors to define a submodule. See [Creating Modules - Submodules](./creating_modules.md#submodules).

Reviewer: Lol - I get it.  Yes, "sentence flow" may not be as accurate a description as "consistent bullet styles" (which I'm also okay sometimes deviating from when necessary).  Feel free to commit the suggestion if you'd like.  Or spend the night on it and see how it looks in the morning ;-).

> - Less commonly, the name of a module is created with the [`module`](/commands/docs/module.md) command. While it is possible to use this command to create a module at the commandline, this isn't common or useful. Instead, this form is primarily used by module authors to define a submodule. See [Creating Modules - Submodules](./creating_modules.md#submodules).

Author: I think the list item should begin in the same form as the others.

```suggestion
- An already defined module: The [`module` command](/commands/docs/module.md) can define a module. It is primarily used by module authors to define a submodule. See [Creating Modules - Submodules](./creating_modules.md#submodules). It is not usually used to define "normal" modules.
```

Dunno about the last sentence. "normal" module? root level? "main modules"? "Not usually used", "not commonly used", "we recommend against using it to …"?

```suggestion
- An already defined module: The [`module` command](/commands/docs/module.md) can define a module. We recommend against using it to define modules. It is primarily used by module authors to define a submodule. See [Creating Modules - Submodules](./creating_modules.md#submodules).
```

```

::: tip

> `main` is covered in more detail in [Creating Modules](./creating_modules.md#main-exports), but for end-users, `main` means "the command named the same as the module." In this case the `assert` module exports a `main` command that "masquerades" as the `assert` command. Hiding `main` has the effect of hiding the `assert` command, but not its subcommands.

Reviewer: Does replacing "simply means" with "just means" help at all, or does it have the same issue for you?
